throughout time we have celebrated those
who stood out made a statement
achieve the impossible altered the
course of history
they are the Giants upon whose shoulders
we stand and their names will never be
forgotten but history is really the
story of the many not the few it's the
story of the men and women who got
things done kept them moving made a
difference quietly without fanfare
without any expectation of attention
being paid or that their names would be
remembered men and women who were
hardworking confident determined
pragmatic the first in their families to
go to college who worked during the day
and studied at night because they wanted
a better life for themselves and for
their families they found a home in the
city with big shoulders and a university
on the south side with a big heart
where grip was often a prerequisite for
greatness
and determination the fuel that kept
them going throughout our history may
have looked down the road knowing we
have more to accomplish always believing
that our best days are still to come
and that our brightest stars are yet to
shine
our future is now in the hands of those
whose accomplishments are already
extraordinary
a new generation that is hard-working
confident determined pragmatic and
innovative entrepreneurial creative tech
focused and global they are getting
things done behind the scenes in the
labs on the trading floors in the
boardrooms and in our courtrooms writing
the next chapter downloading the new
if there's one thing history has taught
us it's the greatness doesn't have to
shout
sometimes you can just feel it see it
know it's there
always has been and always will be